 cpu = _conversion_method_template(device=torch.device("cpu"))
10.788929 M parameters
step 0: train loss 4.2221, val loss 4.2306
step 500: train loss 1.7422, val loss 1.8969
step 1000: train loss 1.3860, val loss 1.5957
step 1500: train loss 1.2637, val loss 1.5229
step 2000: train loss 1.1855, val loss 1.5012
step 2500: train loss 1.1247, val loss 1.4937
step 3000: train loss 1.0750, val loss 1.4933
step 3500: train loss 1.0183, val loss 1.5075
step 4000: train loss 0.9601, val loss 1.5155
step 4500: train loss 0.9130, val loss 1.5577
step 4999: train loss 0.8617, val loss 1.5730

hail, musters. Come, come, let's hence; come; please you.

DORCAS:
Why, he hath not more ages to Mantua
Half these coff thrices; the second cloicks of
More, that these noble councils, she carbs
Have from bears and praised from mall secure,
Unwithal cease of so dry and fraise
With humble, our ampiried fled, and to bear
Ad continuing first help of the action
Are not hot to purchase. Brought, Bardine Marcius,
Here our rest in Corioli did their hid safegrous
With prontn to prospect that buy fortune's crown.

VOLUMNIA:
Do it not; nor fear to inquire force thyself.
Since for an one part and sbend that fatal
Nor hath countermed to the soul make.

Second Musician:
What then the duke is dead.

MENENIUS:
You must be bold, sir, he make: when made
That widow uttainting that chances that
Against bathe propose the world,
Wrath turns malls his sto his sweet boars at mine ease.
What's wity the nine else to seat? For Thomas madesthings
Kowing his behalf? Let them not; but, ourself wrath
In their perts only 'gainst us.

LEONTES:
So that his sheepherden's habe swarm'd,
With honour till since in his toot puture
And reposses him agin. Who lawful adys?
Shall FORD FITzTES:
I stay you with her to great post
At Pemplanted with his head: He
Will we took here won to the king,
And reverell'd he spaked at for his own face,
Gracious maid, duty shrinkle like death!
We were on the franklest and arms,
How pressemble to send this of his pathy bod
To Bianca, and that we have a kneeler'd head
To intending that, ere he we know
As you have pass'd: therefore gather,
My sovere me from unseeng and my son.

Lord Marshal:
Have I nothing before the king and Keepherd,
Than he could dising his sword, shall we let supply,
Which, on though full of the dept it die,
Love in a day of all her eplicod ever.
But, let not fight, our town
Yet and oppose of sweet foul county holer,
Whill on Warwick and in deform shore his answer,
To be light a lodging from our fled friends,
Nor unded a steel, Duke of York in prison;
Therefore he he slelt undo some as condure
Love honour with his limbs and within the field.

ESCALUS:
It s none:
Why, not Isabel, Luches, and that's at here.

LUCIO:
Come hither, commend me to my hand.

ISABELLA:
O that he
at services what he desires do within this hour,
By all the bed, the poor else law call't.
Wilt welcome upon the sad brawls of Montague,
Dear from the irequest of with that eyes of the fidde?
Must we can, to repent and a weep,
To sprink the with tears of blemish;
We have bandy planch'd him by the blissom.
And therefore, Clarence will beg.
For Montague, welcome in those holy ape:
But once again thy lord's buried, or with sorrow.

CLARENCE:
O woe, woundy up, I saw you shall spent chamber
Then to them with such steimonish so much.
They that prompts the noble duke withazard
I shall remain to the former's place.
How now, by not auntsman!
His plague love is but the looks on us to,
I'll give our maintants: founding on,
We shall return tire for time; where I should be counted.

ROMEO:
In wrapting life no rvile; a little this ballad
To sacide the purpetual day crag'd it out:
Death gave I call the singles of a breath,
And putting a vicasion, fine, ragnify
It bounds not to plugh lovely in post,
Nor devour these roses canot to make me by thee
To stop of thy plot; and thou live,
Though implant and dispatch'd morn from the downrey.
Thou ar'd, impedimention to strept me as.

DION:
Old fifth, I bid more poison and reign--

TIONDELIA:
O, being flow that do me:
I, my noble life is born an over--

LEONTES:
Did out, despair, 'tis a craction for a woman
from such rember; or mothering, commission, that
list.

FersLonger:
I beseech you, she hath abwds
and in our honour!

POLIXENES:
Scarce be enribshaped! which, yourself death
Is since you noble looks all no less.
These fellows from mine ofitness that that you
Live to naturase more sword, but rain what it is,
early ransoms it will.

Shephends:
This is a Blunck, boy, or else both his,
that's bought by not wear, but that, in my weakness' cap.
This place is beastly enjoy'd;
Richard George the mayor Hurrey hath breathes;
And what plainly, this king, his powerful was there.

BAP3
KINGHAM:
To this be dead! Why, wilt thou see me no that swear.

CATER:
No, my lord; here comest to be a bawd.

GLOUCESTER:
Safe that tell her brother must be: butch good came
My hat brains in your love to his enemy?

First Murderer:
'Twas to wong order husband, on the noble;
Anonwing be a town.

First Murderer:
What will we then, we will allong; for we'll be,
No left of this world she: 'tis bester
dish now will, so she'll swear the sky.
O husband! the nurse all all:
Her dear and swear and at:
Thy tenderless are long to so begins are
That the shady offends up in my hatress' length.
Tell have me, cold my good lady's way, go with her for the
pedagree, that I should report take thy father;
And let myself, in private: thou art thou, and that
thou hast, too wonder memory frequestion:
But with I kneel proceedly, and in the approection;
I'll tell thou thereto what some mean or two
cortemple can with felling my complexion.
Thu becive too, giving thy broe this hand, and aN exapene.

CAPULET:
The sun sentenced plucks in London: have you dished
Think you show't an other first to do so;
The napking o' the rack, and, Jus  Annee,
The model secure o' the town the dial's pen,
The sight of yond and bold own,
Make a stone winter to your princely
And depose you against navy:
But with yourself which tears you have
To have time you in your dishonor medwly,
And most breath you mine own at your leight
Woo'd in your ispect; sets him please,
Not not do you but speak.

AEdile:
Alas, that's not too: for breath issues not.

MARIANA:
O near, I neither? O Isabel.
O sir, tell me what I believe ther,
That I would be departed ere diefere,
For maiding Jove. Lovel guard news!

DUKE VINCENTIO:
My good,
Great Angelo, he did not not scopass with me
That gives my designs so ear his moth a tap,
To mine own by majesty and side.
This is the head, I e'er than doth send
To an empty a slavit of the foot.

Provost:
What's parties, here provost.

PAULINA:
Wel in this my lady, better in than when that
Which spake not honough and exptire.

Shepherd:
Marry well.
Fair maidame hence; he doth ne'er breathe neat how forth,
Thereto live and shut at fill somerselves mortal:
As if we strange!
How never is the cause, tho bear yet out one.
Come, mondam, rather, and well said; alas, by yourself,
Unless he Camillo nightly should sing, as much
Betwixt his passion them on her root in the wars!

Third Messenger:

MENENIUS:
Know you fear the Tower; and then your leave bosom,
When so we are shown forth, so they weight together,
Whom wet wag, maid, by answer'd--but blinding Angelo.--
His name very offence
Perse most new high to an object in the lead
Before you weighted to the slave,
And he should knowly on any in the good
And full not to be here in this.

CLIFFORD:
So much we shed as as abused she draws on me:
He shall shink and piece the precious words,
Whiles the and burdum to thus he death,
So standing thread; which sometime spit at up
Deceit is rather open ere reception it show'd,
Count base me mayster here in name,
From the contrary; and in their civil Water,
They dares from vison; my soul sound pass.

ACHIDAMUS:
First they that the dismal hasing evils
Which you desert other but your sighs or approbation,
Can emption clutter of pass. Deny the tremblings.
Right county, reach love's revell'd daughter at which
Contempt 'twith sevent.
I have sees on this peace
I might bow'd upon you to my mind; this hate shed
Is that the lived, her brother bewho no sugge,
Not shall spend mine actions while them from wars,
Not to represemble, but they follow'd that slow himself
From winter speak, thus full of rail,
But death's glory and zid many in thrift.

ELBOW:
What, what news with a childish closuin sort?

AELzOND:
Of what shall we were hastered?

JULIET:
As one, even so the friar.

ROMEO:
It took, that every honest, with curtain stain
And a bird of her birth-wooeer will;
Thinking it bleets it brave and mlips out
In bold agrit.

BENVOLIO:
Whealds she depends, 'tis thine in so ease?

MERCUTIO:
A very gentle peace is well mine hath.

MERCUTIO:
O sister, were I lanswer the law.
If Benvoliole, we much die:
Cut as leve it in any points, I never saw
himself. Beseech you well.

MERCUTIO:
Why, noble Penker, ye said, in justice, my flesh.

FROTH:
Death hath the winds youngey up our action.

ROMEO:
Being snick that is broken gentlee, rending not return;
not what they will be stick, and ours out o' the body,
nither for aunthat proceeds your following friends
Matter from many of the hour of men
Even to speak out a princess. You must eleven alone.
If not, this took ason but a sweet passage, as it
there's name to wash your picks, and very of them.

ANGELO:
I love the poor mock into the year
Which will I leve forgeably.
Yet, proud man, man! thou hew'dst the wrong before
A ban of whole plantage and wide and my habs!
Swear not as what may I live, and I wot, shall.

LUCENTIO:
Marry, what's here? By Hour, Margaret's Montague,
That to her presums, a thrives of speaks at that
Affright man; betide him drown
That he is shorten light and neighborn. What, what, black,
After thus bold tain our oaks, that with is
Thurder us that bud this colour's all girh,
Think, insinuate the pains upproslow the strength
Of when me, this young, and what sad should blush
You mind, since the earl of it the child of life,
To keep you whose have the world attle.

MONTAGUE:
For this death did to Henry, that hath powed to him.
To the cause for that he bit were not wonder'd,
Driumph of sweats, remember to be he:
Forr when he shall we make our part, as we shall
The bridging of Norfolk, we march again
The consultment thou hadst us on me, for they
Should he seem'd in the living. Whilst and all at with their
court? Did Five the pilgrituous forth the slavet's eyes?
Uncharpied frown buds tidings, and shed night,
And trumphant is all the pain.

SOMERSET:
And very lord, le
